c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\StudentskiDom.exe.config
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\StudentskiDom.exe
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\StudentskiDom.pdb
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\obj\Debug\StudentskiDom.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\obj\Debug\StudentskiDom.Form1.resources
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\obj\Debug\StudentskiDom.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\obj\Debug\StudentskiDom.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\obj\Debug\StudentskiDom.exe
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\obj\Debug\StudentskiDom.pdb
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\obj\Debug\StudentskiDom.Login.resources
c:\users\chs-shop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\obj\Debug\StudentskiDom.AddStudent.resources
C:\Users\CHS-SHOP\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\obj\Debug\StudentskiDom.AddEmployee.resources
C:\Users\CHS-SHOP\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\x86\sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\CHS-SHOP\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\x64\sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\CHS-SHOP\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
C:\Users\CHS-SHOP\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
C:\Users\CHS-SHOP\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
C:\Users\CHS-SHOP\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudentskiDom\StudentskiDom\obj\Debug\StudentskiDom.Warning.resources
